[ Music ]
>> Undergraduate applied social
science majors at the University
of Wisconsin Stout learn
the tools and perspectives
of anthropology, economics,
geography, history,
political science,
social work, and sociology
to understand culture,
society, and human action.
Our students pursue careers
that involve critical thinking,
oral and written
communication, problem solving,
and social research
and analysis.
These abilities are well suited
for a 21st century
information-based economy
that demands a flexible
and skilled workforce.
>> The reason why I think
students like the major is
because people are interested
in society, and what's exciting
about this major is that it
gives you tools to try to figure
that out, right, make the
complex world less complex.
Our majors will be very good
by the end of their program
at statistics, but also
qualitative skills,
and any number of
jobs, these are very,
very valuable skills for.
But, you know, just in
their own personal lives,
it's incredibly useful.
>> I wanted something a
little bit more fulfilling,
but still challenging,
and applied social science
really does that for me.
>> I started going to
school just with --
well, I can go to school,
get a four-year education,
and then this degree program
came up, and I'm interested
in -- got me interested
in graduate school.
So if I want to go into law,
it has a good base for that.
If I want to go into journalism,
a good base for that,
or if I want to go
into countless other
graduate programs.
>> If you have flexible skills,
then it gives you a lot
more freedom in your life.
>> One big difference is
that with an applied
social science degree,
I'll have a lot more options.
>> I'm going to study abroad
in South Africa next semester,
the first one from the school
to do that for this degree,
so it's completely unique,
and pretty much everything
you'll be doing
in this degree will be unique.
>> Here's the great
thing about UW Stout.
It has students excited
about taking what they learn
and applying it to
the real world.
And I haven't seen
this type of a culture
at other universities,
not to this level.
>> I feel like I finally
found something that fits me.
It's a good match.
[ Music ]